the beautiful beauty daniel here doctor zine
It's one more evaluation for you of this.
time with ford ka
I'm here with my co-pilot to speak
right teenage son continue
simple and we are here with the conca is
first ford that the government is
evaluating is a delicious stand
forget the old car
the only thing left of the old car
was a name and the west mark out of the house
it's years ahead of the old car is the
fiesta platform that is supermodern
unifesp is five stars in the
crash-test an end the channel should stay
different in the east does not want
is the most demanding
he is a big stand inside
very different from the type is too large for
me four tall adults want well
inside that car to him very well
finished in full version sl
she has everything and a little more inclusive
traction control
it has the 1.03 cylinder engine
do not think three cylinders are small
because you're talking about less parts less
friction is more efficient or is more
and spend less than
old 1.0 four-cylinder
the noise was connected to one of the things
I really do not know if this car is
you can hear the snoring of the
three-cylinder engine and even looks like a
engine and leaves his condition
It's a lot of fun when you're using
internal rotation of the engine is a car
let it do it
seems much larger than the 1 zero point
I'm going to make another neighbor with the
sound is good for you to hear the
motorzinho the little one he starts counting
38 thousand or almost 38 thousand reais
everyone already comes with the steering glass and
electric locks in the basics watching the sun
front is electric
all come with abs all come with the sound
with bluetooth
in the most top dns versions refuse sl
it comes with a media system if
connect your cell phone in the car
in October and he is in the top of the line
make the emergency call he realizes
you if you get involved in a
accident he realizes what is
happening and automatically turns on
Help when you have a cell phone.
connected to this the unpublished at home about
the case of brazil this is offered by
cause of volvo what is a five car
six times more expensive in reference to
now available in kaká is a
car that is very
interesting
ooo car behavior of that car
it 's good for 1011 noise is fine
fun is behavior in color of it's
exemplary and curve like sportsman
still has traction control
time is so well set that the control
Traction rarely comes in is a delight.
cart ride
sincerely I would like to take this
calculating the circuit and making walking
really on the road notice a little
of tire rolling noise a bit
uncomfortable but nothing that
It bothers you a lot to make a
trip with him the landing is small 257
lips is normal for an urban car but
a family car is missing a bit
and now you can for the sedan version oo motorzinho
where they on horses at least 10 pounds of
torque enough for the cart it
weighs a thousand pounds in the heaviest version
that mrs who has a traction control
and what else do you want, it has a good finish
very good
the electrical direction is so soft that
It looks disconnected until funny.
this is conditioning a
very interesting cart in the range of
he has good competitors but he
is a path worth considering
go and take a test drive
I see what you think before deciding your
purchase
I approved I would have liked the
cart though most things are
I felt lack of brightness adjustment in the
panel
I missed you parking
because rear visibility
is bad and the cart is a little high
so if there is any barrier
Underneath a lower car you do not
realize that it is near or far from you
will end up beating the novel
even being a small canal would be more
as a security item rather than as a
comfort item that more than I
Send the system as soon as you are
voice commands for him there
I am not of any command to cancel your
device name eg telephone
usb main menu in a dynamic cancel
the entire workout the first time the
usual issue but it's a little bit
He's good but he still misses training and
citing my part or every car but
it would not be interesting for a car
entry into the house was very
version that originates a little over 43
thousand reais but everything comes to control
traction which is unprecedented in carts
entrance in cars 1.0 1 in brazil
made in brazil
It's a car I liked a lot.
I would have a yes I would buy a sim
now if you are interested do
your thirst
compare all that is worth
This is the same author z but one
evaluation for you